Add meta.relativePath explicit example (#2106)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/uppy.md

  name: 'my-file.jpg', // file name
  type: 'image/jpeg', // file type
  data: blob, // file blob
  meta: {

>       relativePath: string, // optional, determines the unique relative path to build the file uppy id

Reviewer: The file ID is kind of a detail. I think the important thing for end-users is that it allows you to add multiple identical files. Maybe we can do something like this?
```suggestion
    // optional, store the directory path of a file so Uppy can tell identical files in different directories apart
    relativePath: webkitFileSystemEntry.relativePath,
```
